!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/Cesium3DTilesCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "3d-tiles"`-----`featureInfoTemplate`: **object**A template object for formatting content in feature info panel_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, A mustache template string for formatting name* `template`: **string**, A Mustache template string for formatting description* `partials`, An object, mapping partial names to a template string. Defines the partials used in Template.-----`featureInfoUrlTemplate`: **string**A template URL string for fetching feature info. Template values of the form {x} will be replaced with corresponding property values from the picked feature.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`ionAssetId`: **number**The Cesium Ion asset id.-----`ionAccessToken`: **string**Cesium Ion access token id.-----`ionServer`: **string**URL of the Cesium Ion API server.-----`shadows`: **string**Determines whether the tileset casts or receives shadows from each light source.-----`options`: **object**Additional options to pass to Cesium's Cesium3DTileset constructor._Properties_:* `maximumScreenSpaceError`: **number**, The maximum screen space error used to drive level of detail refinement.* `maximumNumberOfLoadedTiles`: **number**, * `pointCloudShading`: **object**, Point cloud shading parameters-----`style`The style to use, specified according to the [Cesium 3D Tiles Styling Language](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/3d-tiles/tree/master/specification/Styling).-----`filters`: **object[]**The filters to apply to this catalog item._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, A name for the filter* `property`: **string**, The name of the feature property to filter* `minimumValue`: **number**, Minimum value of the property* `maximumValue`: **number**, Minimum value of the property* `minimumShown`: **number**, The lowest value the property can have if it is to be shown* `maximumShown`: **number**, The largest value the property can have if it is to be shown