!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/CsvCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "csv"`-----`featureInfoTemplate`: **object**A template object for formatting content in feature info panel_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, A mustache template string for formatting name* `template`: **string**, A Mustache template string for formatting description* `partials`, An object, mapping partial names to a template string. Defines the partials used in Template.-----`featureInfoUrlTemplate`: **string**A template URL string for fetching feature info. Template values of the form {x} will be replaced with corresponding property values from the picked feature.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`keepOnTop`: **boolean**Keeps the layer on top of all other imagery layers.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`currentTime`: **string**The current time at which to show this dataset.-----`initialTimeSource`: **string**The initial time to use if `Current Time` is not specified. Valid values are:

  * `start` - the dataset's start time
  * `stop` - the dataset's stop time
  * `now` - the current system time. If the system time is after `Stop Time`, `Stop Time` is used. If the system time is before `Start Time`, `Start Time` is used.

This value is ignored if `Current Time` is specified-----`startTime`: **string**The earliest time for which this dataset is available. This will be the start of the range shown on the timeline control.-----`stopTime`: **string**The latest time for which this dataset is available. This will be the end of the range shown on the timeline control.-----`multiplier`: **number**The multiplier to use in progressing time for this dataset. For example, `5.0` means that five seconds of dataset time will pass for each one second of real time.-----`isPaused`: **boolean**True if time is currently paused for this dataset, or false if it is progressing.-----`discreteTimes`: **object[]**The discrete times at which this dataset is available._Properties_:* `time`: **string**, The discrete time, expressed as an ISO8601 sttring.* `tag`: **string**, The tag associated with this time. If a tag is not specified, the time itself is used as the tag.-----`fromContinuous`: **string**Specifies how a continuous time (e.g. the timeline control) is mapped to a discrete time for this dataset. Valid values are:

  * `nearest` - the nearest available discrete time to the current continuous time is used.
  * `next` - the discrete time equal to or after the current continuous time is used.
  * `previous` - the discrete time equal to or before the current continuous time is used.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`opacity`: **number**The opacity of the map layers.-----`showUnmatchedRegionsWarning`: **boolean**True to show a warning when some of the region IDs in the CSV file could not be matched to a region. False to silently ignore unmatched regions.-----`columns`: **object[]**Options for individual columns in the CSV._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the column.* `title`: **string**, The displayed title of the column.* `type`: **string**, The type of the column. If not specified, the type is guessed from the column's name and values. Valid types are:* `0`* `1`* `2`* `3`* `4`* `5`* `6`* `7`* `8`* `9`* `longitude`* `latitude`* `height`* `time`* `scalar`* `enum`* `region`* `text`* `address`* `hidden`* `regionType`: **string**, The type of region referenced by the values in this column. If `Type` is not defined and this value can be resolved, the column `Type` will be `region`.* `regionDisambiguationColumn`: **string**, The name of the column to use to disambiguate region matches in this column.* `replaceWithZeroValues`: **string[]**, Values of the column to replace with 0.0, such as `-`.* `replaceWithNullValues`: **string[]**, Values of the column to replace with null, such as `NA`.* `format`, The formatting options to pass to `toLocaleString` when formatting the values of this column for the legend and feature information panels. See:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toLocaleString-----`defaultColumn`: **object**The default settings to use for all columns_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the column.* `title`: **string**, The displayed title of the column.* `type`: **string**, The type of the column. If not specified, the type is guessed from the column's name and values. Valid types are:* `0`* `1`* `2`* `3`* `4`* `5`* `6`* `7`* `8`* `9`* `longitude`* `latitude`* `height`* `time`* `scalar`* `enum`* `region`* `text`* `address`* `hidden`* `regionType`: **string**, The type of region referenced by the values in this column. If `Type` is not defined and this value can be resolved, the column `Type` will be `region`.* `regionDisambiguationColumn`: **string**, The name of the column to use to disambiguate region matches in this column.* `replaceWithZeroValues`: **string[]**, Values of the column to replace with 0.0, such as `-`.* `replaceWithNullValues`: **string[]**, Values of the column to replace with null, such as `NA`.* `format`, The formatting options to pass to `toLocaleString` when formatting the values of this column for the legend and feature information panels. See:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/toLocaleString-----`styles`: **object[]**The set of styles that can be used to visualize this dataset._Properties_:* `id`: **string**, The ID of the style.* `title`: **string**, The human-readable title of the style. Set this to null to remove the style entirely.* `legendTitle`: **string**, The title to show on the legend. If not specified, `Title` is used.* `regionColumn`: **string**, The column to use for region mapping.* `latitudeColumn`: **string**, The column to use for the latitude of points. If `Region Column` is specified, this property is ignored.* `longitudeColumn`: **string**, The column to use for the longitude of points. If `Region Column` is specified, this property is ignored.* `color`: **object**, Options for controlling the color of points or regions.    * `colorColumn`: **string**, The column to use to color points or regions.    * `nullColor`: **string**, The color to use when the value is null, specified as a CSS color string.    * `nullLabel`: **string**, The label to use in the legend for null values.    * `binMethod`: **string**, The method for quantizing color. For numeric columns, valid values are:    * `auto` (default)    * `ckmeans`    * `quantile`    * `none` (equivalent to `Number of Bins`=0)    For enumerated columns, valid values are:    * `auto` (default)    * `top`    * `cycle`    * `numberOfBins`: **number**, The number of different colors to bin the data into. This property is ignored if `Bin Maximums` is specified for a `scalar` column or `Enum Colors` is specified for an `enum` column.    * `binMaximums`: **number[]**, The maximum values of the bins to bin the data into, specified as an array of numbers. The first bin extends from the dataset's minimum value to the first value in this array. The second bin extends from the first value in this array to the second value in this array. And so on. If the maximum value of the dataset is greater than the last value in this array, an additional bin is added automatically. This property is ignored if the `Color Column` is not a scalar.    * `binColors`: **string[]**, The colors to use for the bins, each specified as a CSS color string. If there are more colors than bins, the extra colors are ignored. If there are more bins than colors, the colors are repeated as necessary.    * `enumColors`: **object[]**, The colors to use for enumerated values. This property is ignored if the `Color Column` type is not `enum`.        * `value`: **string**, The enumerated value to map to a color.        * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to use for the enumerated value.    * `colorPalette`: **string**, The name of a [ColorBrewer](http://colorbrewer2.org/) palette to use when mapping values to colors. This property is ignored if `Bin Colors` is defined and has enough colors for all bins, or if `Enum Colors` is defined. The default value depends on the type of the `Color Column` and on the data. Scalar columns that cross zero will use the diverging purple-to-orange palette `PuOr`. Scala columns that do not cross zero will use the sequential yellow-orange-red palette `YlOrRd`. All other scenarios will use the 21 color `HighContrast` palette.    * `legendTicks`: **number**, The number of tick marks (in addition to the top and bottom) to show on the legend when the `Color Bin Method` is set to `none` and `Color Bins` is not defined.    * `legend`: **object**, The legend to show with this style. If not specified, a suitable is created automatically from the other parameters.        * `url`: **string**, The URL of the legend image.        * `urlMimeType`: **string**, The MIME type of the `URL` legend image.        * `items`: **object[]**,             * `title`: **string**, The title to display next to this legend item.            * `titleAbove`: **string**, The title to display above this legend item, i.e. marking the top of a box on the legend.            * `titleBelow`: **string**, The title to display below this legend item, i.e. marking the bottom of a box on the legend.            * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to display for this item. This property is ignored if `Legend URL` is specified.            * `outlineColor`: **string**, The CSS color with which to outline this item.            * `multipleColors`: **string[]**, Multiple colors to show with this item in a grid arrangement.            * `imageUrl`: **string**, The URL of an image to display with this item.            * `addSpacingAbove`: **boolean**, True to add a bit of extra spacing above this item in order to separate it visually from the rest of the legend.* `pointSize`: **object**, Options for controlling the size of points. This property is ignored for regions.    * `pointSizeColumn`: **string**, The column to use to size points.    * `nullSize`: **number**, The point size, in pixels, to use when the column has no value.    * `sizeFactor`: **number**, The size, in pixels, of the point is:    `Normalized Value * Size Factor + Size Offset`where the Normalized Value is a value in the range 0 to 1 with 0 representing the lowest value in the column and 1 representing the highest.    * `sizeOffset`: **number**, The size, in pixels, of the point is:    `Normalized Value * Size Factor + Size Offset`where the Normalized Value is a value in the range 0 to 1 with 0 representing the lowest value in the column and 1 representing the highest.* `chart`: **object**, Options for controlling the chart created from this CSV.    * `xAxisColumn`: **string**, The column to use as the X-axis.    * `yAxisColumn`: **string**, The column to use as the Y-axis.    * `yAxisMinimum`: **string**, The minimum value to show on the Y axis of the chart.    * `yAxisMaximum`: **string**, The maximum value to show on the Y axis of the chart.* `time`: **object**, Options for controlling how the visualization changes with time.    * `timeColumn`: **string**, The column that indicates the time of a sample or the start time of an interval.    * `endTimeColumn`: **string**, The column that indicates the end time of an interval.    * `idColumns`: **string**, The columns that identify an entity as it changes over time.    * `isSampled`: **boolean**, True if the rows in this CSV correspond to "sampled" data, and so the feature position, color, and size should be interpolated to produce smooth animation of the features over time. If False, then times are treated as the start of discrete periods and feature positions, colors, and sizes are kept constant until the next time. This value is ignored if the CSV does not have both a time column and an ID column.-----`defaultStyle`: **object**The default style to apply when visualizing any column in this CSV._Properties_:* `id`: **string**, The ID of the style.* `title`: **string**, The human-readable title of the style. Set this to null to remove the style entirely.* `legendTitle`: **string**, The title to show on the legend. If not specified, `Title` is used.* `regionColumn`: **string**, The column to use for region mapping.* `latitudeColumn`: **string**, The column to use for the latitude of points. If `Region Column` is specified, this property is ignored.* `longitudeColumn`: **string**, The column to use for the longitude of points. If `Region Column` is specified, this property is ignored.* `color`: **object**, Options for controlling the color of points or regions.    * `colorColumn`: **string**, The column to use to color points or regions.    * `nullColor`: **string**, The color to use when the value is null, specified as a CSS color string.    * `nullLabel`: **string**, The label to use in the legend for null values.    * `binMethod`: **string**, The method for quantizing color. For numeric columns, valid values are:    * `auto` (default)    * `ckmeans`    * `quantile`    * `none` (equivalent to `Number of Bins`=0)    For enumerated columns, valid values are:    * `auto` (default)    * `top`    * `cycle`    * `numberOfBins`: **number**, The number of different colors to bin the data into. This property is ignored if `Bin Maximums` is specified for a `scalar` column or `Enum Colors` is specified for an `enum` column.    * `binMaximums`: **number[]**, The maximum values of the bins to bin the data into, specified as an array of numbers. The first bin extends from the dataset's minimum value to the first value in this array. The second bin extends from the first value in this array to the second value in this array. And so on. If the maximum value of the dataset is greater than the last value in this array, an additional bin is added automatically. This property is ignored if the `Color Column` is not a scalar.    * `binColors`: **string[]**, The colors to use for the bins, each specified as a CSS color string. If there are more colors than bins, the extra colors are ignored. If there are more bins than colors, the colors are repeated as necessary.    * `enumColors`: **object[]**, The colors to use for enumerated values. This property is ignored if the `Color Column` type is not `enum`.        * `value`: **string**, The enumerated value to map to a color.        * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to use for the enumerated value.    * `colorPalette`: **string**, The name of a [ColorBrewer](http://colorbrewer2.org/) palette to use when mapping values to colors. This property is ignored if `Bin Colors` is defined and has enough colors for all bins, or if `Enum Colors` is defined. The default value depends on the type of the `Color Column` and on the data. Scalar columns that cross zero will use the diverging purple-to-orange palette `PuOr`. Scala columns that do not cross zero will use the sequential yellow-orange-red palette `YlOrRd`. All other scenarios will use the 21 color `HighContrast` palette.    * `legendTicks`: **number**, The number of tick marks (in addition to the top and bottom) to show on the legend when the `Color Bin Method` is set to `none` and `Color Bins` is not defined.    * `legend`: **object**, The legend to show with this style. If not specified, a suitable is created automatically from the other parameters.        * `url`: **string**, The URL of the legend image.        * `urlMimeType`: **string**, The MIME type of the `URL` legend image.        * `items`: **object[]**,             * `title`: **string**, The title to display next to this legend item.            * `titleAbove`: **string**, The title to display above this legend item, i.e. marking the top of a box on the legend.            * `titleBelow`: **string**, The title to display below this legend item, i.e. marking the bottom of a box on the legend.            * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to display for this item. This property is ignored if `Legend URL` is specified.            * `outlineColor`: **string**, The CSS color with which to outline this item.            * `multipleColors`: **string[]**, Multiple colors to show with this item in a grid arrangement.            * `imageUrl`: **string**, The URL of an image to display with this item.            * `addSpacingAbove`: **boolean**, True to add a bit of extra spacing above this item in order to separate it visually from the rest of the legend.* `pointSize`: **object**, Options for controlling the size of points. This property is ignored for regions.    * `pointSizeColumn`: **string**, The column to use to size points.    * `nullSize`: **number**, The point size, in pixels, to use when the column has no value.    * `sizeFactor`: **number**, The size, in pixels, of the point is:    `Normalized Value * Size Factor + Size Offset`where the Normalized Value is a value in the range 0 to 1 with 0 representing the lowest value in the column and 1 representing the highest.    * `sizeOffset`: **number**, The size, in pixels, of the point is:    `Normalized Value * Size Factor + Size Offset`where the Normalized Value is a value in the range 0 to 1 with 0 representing the lowest value in the column and 1 representing the highest.* `chart`: **object**, Options for controlling the chart created from this CSV.    * `xAxisColumn`: **string**, The column to use as the X-axis.    * `yAxisColumn`: **string**, The column to use as the Y-axis.    * `yAxisMinimum`: **string**, The minimum value to show on the Y axis of the chart.    * `yAxisMaximum`: **string**, The maximum value to show on the Y axis of the chart.* `time`: **object**, Options for controlling how the visualization changes with time.    * `timeColumn`: **string**, The column that indicates the time of a sample or the start time of an interval.    * `endTimeColumn`: **string**, The column that indicates the end time of an interval.    * `idColumns`: **string**, The columns that identify an entity as it changes over time.    * `isSampled`: **boolean**, True if the rows in this CSV correspond to "sampled" data, and so the feature position, color, and size should be interpolated to produce smooth animation of the features over time. If False, then times are treated as the start of discrete periods and feature positions, colors, and sizes are kept constant until the next time. This value is ignored if the CSV does not have both a time column and an ID column.-----`activeStyle`: **string**The ID of the currently-selected style.-----`characterSet`: **string**The character set of the CSV data, overriding the information provided by the server, if any.-----`csvString`: **string**The actual CSV data, represented as a string.-----`cacheDuration`: **string**The amount of time to cache the contents of the URL when it is accessed via the proxy.