!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/ArcGisMapServerCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "esri-mapServer"`-----`splitDirection`: **number**The side of the splitter to display this imagery layer on. Defaults to both sides.-----`dataCustodian`: **string**Gets or sets a description of the custodian of this data item.-----`opacity`: **number**The opacity of the map layers.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`layers`: **string**The layer or layers to display.-----`maximumScale`: **number**Gets or sets the denominator of the largest scale (smallest denominator) for which tiles should be requested.  For example, if this value is 1000, then tiles representing a scale larger than 1:1000 (i.e. numerically smaller denominator, when zooming in closer) will not be requested.  Instead, tiles of the largest-available scale, as specified by this property, will be used and will simply get blurier as the user zooms in closer.-----`legends`: **object[]**The legends to display on the workbench._Properties_:* `url`: **string**, The URL of the legend image.* `urlMimeType`: **string**, The MIME type of the `URL` legend image.* `items`: **object[]**,     * `title`: **string**, The title to display next to this legend item.    * `titleAbove`: **string**, The title to display above this legend item, i.e. marking the top of a box on the legend.    * `titleBelow`: **string**, The title to display below this legend item, i.e. marking the bottom of a box on the legend.    * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to display for this item. This property is ignored if `Legend URL` is specified.    * `outlineColor`: **string**, The CSS color with which to outline this item.    * `multipleColors`: **string[]**, Multiple colors to show with this item in a grid arrangement.    * `imageUrl`: **string**, The URL of an image to display with this item.    * `addSpacingAbove`: **boolean**, True to add a bit of extra spacing above this item in order to separate it visually from the rest of the legend.-----`parameters`Additional parameters to pass to the MapServer when requesting images.-----`allowFeaturePicking`: **boolean**Indicates whether features in this catalog item can be selected by clicking them on the map.-----`maximumScaleBeforeMessage`: **number**The denominator of the largest scale (smallest denominator) beyond which to show a message explaining that no further zoom levels are available, at the request-----`showTilesAfterMessage`: **boolean**Value indicating whether to continue showing tiles when the `maximumScaleBeforeMessage` is exceeded.-----`tokenUrl`: **string**URL to use for fetching request tokens