!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/GeoJsonCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "geojson"`-----`featureInfoTemplate`: **object**A template object for formatting content in feature info panel_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, A mustache template string for formatting name* `template`: **string**, A Mustache template string for formatting description* `partials`, An object, mapping partial names to a template string. Defines the partials used in Template.-----`featureInfoUrlTemplate`: **string**A template URL string for fetching feature info. Template values of the form {x} will be replaced with corresponding property values from the picked feature.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`style`: **object**Styling rules that follow simplestyle-spec_Properties_:* `marker-size`: **string**, Marker size. Valid values are `small`, `medium`, or `large`. If the value is a number, it is the size in pixels.* `marker-color`: **string**, Marker color* `marker-symbol`: **string**, Marker symbol.* `marker-opacity`: **number**, Marker opacity.* `stroke`: **string**, Stroke color.* `stroke-opacity`: **string**, Stroke opacity.* `stroke-width`: **number**, Stroke width.* `fill`: **string**, Fill color.* `fill-opacity`: **number**, Fill opacity.-----`geoJsonData`A geojson data object-----`geoJsonString`: **string**A geojson string-----`clampToGround`: **boolean**Whether the features in this GeoJSON should be clamped to the terrain surface.