!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/GtfsCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "gtfs"`-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`opacity`: **number**The opacity of the map layers.-----`keepOnTop`: **boolean**Keeps the layer on top of all other imagery layers.-----`refreshInterval`: **number**How often the data in this model is refreshed, in seconds-----`featureInfoTemplate`: **object**A template object for formatting content in feature info panel_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, A mustache template string for formatting name* `template`: **string**, A Mustache template string for formatting description* `partials`, An object, mapping partial names to a template string. Defines the partials used in Template.-----`featureInfoUrlTemplate`: **string**A template URL string for fetching feature info. Template values of the form {x} will be replaced with corresponding property values from the picked feature.-----`apiKey`: **string**The key that should be used when querying the GTFS API service-----`image`: **string**Url for the image to use to represent a vehicle. Recommended size 32x32 pixels.-----`model`: **object**3D model to use to represent a vehicle._Properties_:* `origin`: **object**, The origin of the model, expressed as a longitude and latitude in degrees and a height in meters. If this property is specified, the model's axes will have X pointing East, Y pointing North, and Z pointing Up. If not specified, the model is located in the Earth-Centered Earth-Fixed frame.* `upAxis`: **string**, The model's up-axis. By default models are y-up according to the glTF spec, however geo-referenced models will typically be z-up. Valid values are 'X', 'Y', or 'Z'.* `forwardAxis`: **string**, The model's forward axis. By default, glTF 2.0 models are Z-forward according to the glTF spec, however older glTF (1.0, 0.8) models used X-forward. Valid values are 'X' or 'Z'.* `scale`: **number**, The scale factor to apply to the model* `shadows`: **string**, Indicates whether this tileset casts and receives shadows. Valid values are "NONE", "BOTH", "CAST", and "RECEIVE".* `url`: **string**, The base URL of the file or service.* `bearingDirectionProperty`: **string**, Path to the bearing direction* `compassDirectionProperty`: **string**, Path to the compass direction* `maximumDistance`: **number**, The farthest distance from the camera that the model will still be drawn