!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/MagdaCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "magda"`-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`distributionFormats`: **object[]**The supported distribution formats and their mapping to Terria types. These are listed in order of preference._Properties_:* `id`: **string**, The ID of this distribution format.* `formatRegex`: **string**, A regular expression that is matched against the distribution's format.* `urlRegex`: **string**, A regular expression that is matched against the distribution's URL.* `definition`, The catalog member definition to use when the URL and Format regular expressions match. The `URL` property will also be set.-----`definition`The catalog member definition to use for _all_ catalog items in this group, regardless of type. The format-specified definition will be layered on top of this one.-----`datasetId`: **string**The ID of the Magda dataset referred to by this catalog item.-----`distributionId`: **string**The ID of the preferred Magda distribution to use. If this property is not specified, the distribution that matches the earliest format in the `Distribution Formats` list will be used.