!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/WebMapServiceCatalogGroup.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "wms-group"`-----`getCapabilitiesUrl`: **string**The URL at which to access to the OGC GetCapabilities service.-----`getCapabilitiesCacheDuration`: **string**The amount of time to cache GetCapabilities responses.-----`isOpen`: **boolean**True if this group is open and its contents are visible; otherwise, false.-----`members`The members of this group.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`flatten`: **boolean**True to flatten the layers into a single list; false to use the layer hierarchy.