!!! note    This page is automatically generated from the source code, and is a bit rough.  If you have    trouble, check the [source code for this type](https://github.com/TerriaJS/terriajs/blob/mobx/lib/Models/WebMapServiceCatalogItem.ts) or post a message to the [forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/terriajs).## [Initialization File](../../customizing/initialization-files.md) properties:`"type": "wms"`-----`keepOnTop`: **boolean**Keeps the layer on top of all other imagery layers.-----`splitDirection`: **number**The side of the splitter to display this imagery layer on. Defaults to both sides.-----`currentTime`: **string**The current time at which to show this dataset.-----`initialTimeSource`: **string**The initial time to use if `Current Time` is not specified. Valid values are:

  * `start` - the dataset's start time
  * `stop` - the dataset's stop time
  * `now` - the current system time. If the system time is after `Stop Time`, `Stop Time` is used. If the system time is before `Start Time`, `Start Time` is used.

This value is ignored if `Current Time` is specified-----`startTime`: **string**The earliest time for which this dataset is available. This will be the start of the range shown on the timeline control.-----`stopTime`: **string**The latest time for which this dataset is available. This will be the end of the range shown on the timeline control.-----`multiplier`: **number**The multiplier to use in progressing time for this dataset. For example, `5.0` means that five seconds of dataset time will pass for each one second of real time.-----`isPaused`: **boolean**True if time is currently paused for this dataset, or false if it is progressing.-----`discreteTimes`: **object[]**The discrete times at which this dataset is available._Properties_:* `time`: **string**, The discrete time, expressed as an ISO8601 sttring.* `tag`: **string**, The tag associated with this time. If a tag is not specified, the time itself is used as the tag.-----`fromContinuous`: **string**Specifies how a continuous time (e.g. the timeline control) is mapped to a discrete time for this dataset. Valid values are:

  * `nearest` - the nearest available discrete time to the current continuous time is used.
  * `next` - the discrete time equal to or after the current continuous time is used.
  * `previous` - the discrete time equal to or before the current continuous time is used.-----`getCapabilitiesUrl`: **string**The URL at which to access to the OGC GetCapabilities service.-----`getCapabilitiesCacheDuration`: **string**The amount of time to cache GetCapabilities responses.-----`opacity`: **number**The opacity of the map layers.-----`url`: **string**The base URL of the file or service.-----`show`: **boolean**Show or hide the mappable item-----`rectangle`: **object**The bounding box rectangle that contains all the data in this catalog item._Properties_:* `west`: **number**, The westernmost longitude in degrees.* `south`: **number**, The southernmost longitude in degrees.* `east`: **number**, The easternmost longitude in degrees.* `north`: **number**, The northernmost longitude in degrees.-----`disablePreview`: **boolean**Disables the preview on the Add Data panel. This is useful when the preview will be very slow to load.-----`name`: **string**The name of the catalog item.-----`description`: **string**The description of the catalog item. Markdown and HTML may be used.-----`nameInCatalog`: **string**The name of the item to be displayed in the catalog, if it is different from the one to display in the workbench.-----`favoriteInfoSection`: **object**Yay_Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`info`: **object[]**Human-readable information about this dataset._Properties_:* `name`: **string**, The name of the section.* `content`: **string**, The content of the section, in Markdown and HTML format. Set this property to null to remove this section entirely.-----`isGeoServer`: **string**True if this WMS is a GeoServer; otherwise, false.-----`layers`: **string**The layer or layers to display.-----`styles`: **string**The styles to use with each of the `Layer(s)`.-----`availableStyles`: **object[]**The available styles._Properties_:* `layerName`: **string**, The name of the layer for which styles are available.* `styles`: **object[]**, The styles available for this layer.    * `name`: **string**, The name of the style.    * `title`: **string**, The title of the style.    * `abstract`: **string**, The abstract describing the style.    * `legend`: **object**, The name of the style.        * `url`: **string**, The URL of the legend image.        * `urlMimeType`: **string**, The MIME type of the `URL` legend image.        * `items`: **object[]**,             * `title`: **string**, The title to display next to this legend item.            * `titleAbove`: **string**, The title to display above this legend item, i.e. marking the top of a box on the legend.            * `titleBelow`: **string**, The title to display below this legend item, i.e. marking the bottom of a box on the legend.            * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to display for this item. This property is ignored if `Legend URL` is specified.            * `outlineColor`: **string**, The CSS color with which to outline this item.            * `multipleColors`: **string[]**, Multiple colors to show with this item in a grid arrangement.            * `imageUrl`: **string**, The URL of an image to display with this item.            * `addSpacingAbove`: **boolean**, True to add a bit of extra spacing above this item in order to separate it visually from the rest of the legend.-----`legends`: **object[]**The legends to display on the workbench._Properties_:* `url`: **string**, The URL of the legend image.* `urlMimeType`: **string**, The MIME type of the `URL` legend image.* `items`: **object[]**,     * `title`: **string**, The title to display next to this legend item.    * `titleAbove`: **string**, The title to display above this legend item, i.e. marking the top of a box on the legend.    * `titleBelow`: **string**, The title to display below this legend item, i.e. marking the bottom of a box on the legend.    * `color`: **string**, The CSS color to display for this item. This property is ignored if `Legend URL` is specified.    * `outlineColor`: **string**, The CSS color with which to outline this item.    * `multipleColors`: **string[]**, Multiple colors to show with this item in a grid arrangement.    * `imageUrl`: **string**, The URL of an image to display with this item.    * `addSpacingAbove`: **boolean**, True to add a bit of extra spacing above this item in order to separate it visually from the rest of the legend.-----`minScaleDenominator`: **number**The denominator of the largest scale (smallest denominator) for which tiles should be requested. For example, if this value is 1000, then tiles representing a scale larger than 1:1000 (i.e. numerically smaller denominator, when zooming in closer) will not be requested.  Instead, tiles of the largest-available scale, as specified by this property, will be used and will simply get blurier as the user zooms in closer.-----`hideLayerAfterMinScaleDenominator`: **boolean**True to hide tiles when the `Minimum Scale Denominator` is exceeded. If false, we can zoom in arbitrarily close to the (increasingly blurry) layer.